# Status Page Web UI

This is the web UI for the SCS statuspage.

The statuspage is a simple web application that allows users to check if all services and components of a SCS installation are currently in a working state. Furthermore, it allows to read updates on ongoing and past incidents.

## HTML Prototype

The `html-prototype` directory contains a static HTML prototype for the page, based upon Mustache templates and incident data generated by a simple Python script. It gives an impression of how the site is supposed to look and handle once done.

## Angular Implementation

The statuspage is using Angular 2 for its implementation.

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.0.9.

### Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
